public/data/README.md, before:

# Data on COVID-19 by _Our World in Data_

Our complete COVID-19 dataset is a collection of the COVID-19 data maintained by [_Our World in Data_](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus). It is updated daily and includes data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing.

⬇️ [Download our complete COVID-19 dataset (CSV)](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv)

⬇️ [Download our complete COVID-19 dataset (XLSX)](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.xlsx)

**We will continue to publish up-to-date data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic.**


## Our data sources

- **Confirmed cases and deaths:** our data comes from the [European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/publications-data/download-todays-data-geographic-distribution-covid-19-cases-worldwide) (ECDC). We discuss how and when the ECDC collects and publishes this data [here](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus#our-world-in-data-relies-on-data-from-the-european-cdc).
- **Testing for COVID-19:** this data is collected by the _Our World in Data_ team from official reports; you can find the source information for every country and further details [in our post on COVID-19 testing](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-testing).


## The complete _Our World in Data_ COVID-19 dataset

**Our complete COVID-19 dataset is available in [CSV](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv) and [XLSX](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.xlsx) format, and includes all of our historical data on the pandemic up to the date of publication.**

The dataset follows a format of 1 row per location and date. The other columns represent all of our main variables related to confirmed cases, deaths, and testing.

As of 17 April 2020, the columns are: `iso_code`, `location`, `date`, `total_cases`, `new_cases`, `total_deaths`, `new_deaths`, `total_cases_per_million`, `new_cases_per_million`, `total_deaths_per_million`, `new_deaths_per_million`, `total_tests`, `new_tests`, `total_tests_per_thousand`, `new_tests_per_thousand`, `tests_units`


## Additional files and information

If you are interested in the individual files that make up the complete dataset, or more detailed information, other files can be found in the subfolders:

- [`ecdc`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/ecdc): data from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control, related to confirmed cases and deaths;
- [`testing`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/testing): data from various official sources, related to COVID-19 tests performed in each country. This folder contains two files with more detailed information:
  - [`covid-testing-all-observations.csv`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/public/data/testing/covid-testing-all-observations.csv) includes, for each historical observation, the source of the individual data point, and sometimes notes on data collection;
  - [`covid-testing-latest-data-source-details.csv`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/public/data/testing/covid-testing-latest-data-source-details.csv) includes, for each country in our testing dataset, the latest figures and a detailed description of how the country’s data is collected.
- [`who`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/who): data from the World Health Organization, related to confirmed cases and deaths—_we have stopped using and updating this data since 18 March 2020_.


## Changelog

- Up until 17 March 2020, we were using WHO data manually extracted from their daily [situation report PDFs](https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/situation-reports).
- From 19 March 2020, we started relying on data published by the [European CDC](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/publications-data/download-todays-data-geographic-distribution-covid-19-cases-worldwide). We wrote about [why we decided to switch sources](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-sources-comparison).
- On 3 April 2020, we added country-level time series on COVID-19 tests.
- On 16 April 2020, we made available a [complete dataset of all of our main variables](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data) related to confirmed cases, deaths, and tests.


## Data alterations

- **We standardize names of countries and regions.** Since the names of countries and regions are different in different data sources, we standardize all names to the [_Our World in Data_ standard entity names](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/public/data/ecdc/locations.csv).
- We may correct or discard inconsistencies that we detect in the original data.
- Testing data is collected from many different sources. A detailed documentation for each country is available in [our post on COVID-19 testing](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-testing#source-information-country-by-country).
- Where we collect multiple time series for a given country in our testing data (for example: for the United States, we collect data from both the CDC, and the COVID Tracking Project), our complete COVID-19 dataset only includes the "best" available series, meaning:
  - the most complete;
  - or, if equally complete, data on the number of people tested rather than the number of tests/samples/swabs processed.


## Stable URLs

The `/public` path of this repository is hosted at `https://covid.ourworldindata.org/`. For example, you can access the CSV for the complete dataset at `https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv`.

We have the goal to keep all stable URLs working, even when we have to restructure this repository. If you need regular updates, please consider using the `covid.ourworldindata.org` URLs rather than pointing to GitHub.


## License

All of _Our World in Data_ is completely open access and all work is licensed under the [Creative Commons BY license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). You have the permission to use, distribute, and reproduce in any medium, provided the source and authors are credited.


## Authors

This data has been collected, aggregated, and documented by Diana Beltekian, Daniel Gavrilov, Joe Hasell, Bobbie Macdonald, Edouard Mathieu, Esteban Ortiz-Ospina, Hannah Ritchie, Max Roser.

The mission of _Our World in Data_ is to make data and research on the world’s largest problems understandable and accessible. [Read more about our mission](https://ourworldindata.org/about).

Commit message:

Add mention of secondary_testing_series.csv in main README

public/data/README.md, after:

# Data on COVID-19 by _Our World in Data_

Our complete COVID-19 dataset is a collection of the COVID-19 data maintained by [_Our World in Data_](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus). It is updated daily and includes data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing.

⬇️ [Download our complete COVID-19 dataset (CSV)](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv)

⬇️ [Download our complete COVID-19 dataset (XLSX)](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.xlsx)

**We will continue to publish up-to-date data on confirmed cases, deaths, and testing, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic.**


## Our data sources

- **Confirmed cases and deaths:** our data comes from the [European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/publications-data/download-todays-data-geographic-distribution-covid-19-cases-worldwide) (ECDC). We discuss how and when the ECDC collects and publishes this data [here](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus#our-world-in-data-relies-on-data-from-the-european-cdc).
- **Testing for COVID-19:** this data is collected by the _Our World in Data_ team from official reports; you can find the source information for every country and further details [in our post on COVID-19 testing](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-testing).


## The complete _Our World in Data_ COVID-19 dataset

**Our complete COVID-19 dataset is available in [CSV](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv) and [XLSX](https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.xlsx) format, and includes all of our historical data on the pandemic up to the date of publication.**

The dataset follows a format of 1 row per location and date. The other columns represent all of our main variables related to confirmed cases, deaths, and testing.

As of 17 April 2020, the columns are: `iso_code`, `location`, `date`, `total_cases`, `new_cases`, `total_deaths`, `new_deaths`, `total_cases_per_million`, `new_cases_per_million`, `total_deaths_per_million`, `new_deaths_per_million`, `total_tests`, `new_tests`, `total_tests_per_thousand`, `new_tests_per_thousand`, `tests_units`


## Additional files and information

If you are interested in the individual files that make up the complete dataset, or more detailed information, other files can be found in the subfolders:

- [`ecdc`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/ecdc): data from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control, related to confirmed cases and deaths;
- [`testing`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/testing): data from various official sources, related to COVID-19 tests performed in each country. This folder contains two files with more detailed information:
  - [`covid-testing-all-observations.csv`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/public/data/testing/covid-testing-all-observations.csv) includes, for each historical observation, the source of the individual data point, and sometimes notes on data collection;
  - [`covid-testing-latest-data-source-details.csv`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/public/data/testing/covid-testing-latest-data-source-details.csv) includes, for each country in our testing dataset, the latest figures and a detailed description of how the country’s data is collected.
- [`who`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/who): data from the World Health Organization, related to confirmed cases and deaths—_we have stopped using and updating this data since 18 March 2020_.


## Changelog

- Up until 17 March 2020, we were using WHO data manually extracted from their daily [situation report PDFs](https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/situation-reports).
- From 19 March 2020, we started relying on data published by the [European CDC](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/publications-data/download-todays-data-geographic-distribution-covid-19-cases-worldwide). We wrote about [why we decided to switch sources](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-sources-comparison).
- On 3 April 2020, we added country-level time series on COVID-19 tests.
- On 16 April 2020, we made available a [complete dataset of all of our main variables](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data) related to confirmed cases, deaths, and tests.


## Data alterations

- **We standardize names of countries and regions.** Since the names of countries and regions are different in different data sources, we standardize all names to the [_Our World in Data_ standard entity names](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/public/data/ecdc/locations.csv).
- We may correct or discard inconsistencies that we detect in the original data.
- Testing data is collected from many different sources. A detailed documentation for each country is available in [our post on COVID-19 testing](https://ourworldindata.org/covid-testing#source-information-country-by-country).
- Where we collect multiple time series for a given country in our testing data (for example: for the United States, we collect data from both the CDC, and the COVID Tracking Project), our complete COVID-19 dataset only includes the most complete, or, if equally complete, data on the number of people tested rather than the number of tests/samples/swabs processed. The list of 'secondary' test series (those removed) is located in [`scripts/input/owid/secondary_testing_series.csv`](https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/blob/master/scripts/input/owid/secondary_testing_series.csv).


## Stable URLs

The `/public` path of this repository is hosted at `https://covid.ourworldindata.org/`. For example, you can access the CSV for the complete dataset at `https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv`.

We have the goal to keep all stable URLs working, even when we have to restructure this repository. If you need regular updates, please consider using the `covid.ourworldindata.org` URLs rather than pointing to GitHub.


## License

All of _Our World in Data_ is completely open access and all work is licensed under the [Creative Commons BY license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). You have the permission to use, distribute, and reproduce in any medium, provided the source and authors are credited.


## Authors

This data has been collected, aggregated, and documented by Diana Beltekian, Daniel Gavrilov, Joe Hasell, Bobbie Macdonald, Edouard Mathieu, Esteban Ortiz-Ospina, Hannah Ritchie, Max Roser.

The mission of _Our World in Data_ is to make data and research on the world’s largest problems understandable and accessible. [Read more about our mission](https://ourworldindata.org/about).
